OSDOCS-8517 Monitoring 4.15 RN bugs (#71696)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-15-monitoring-improved-alert-querying-for-user-defined-projects"]
==== Improved alert querying for user-defined projects

> Applications in user-defined projects now have API access to query alerts for application namespaces via the rules tenancy port for Thanos Querier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications in user-defined projects now have API access to query alerts for application namespaces by through the rules tenancy port for Thanos Querier.
```
https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#v

[id="ocp-4-15-monitoring-bug-fixes"]
==== Monitoring

> * Previously, the monitoring-plugin component did not start if IPv6 was disabled for a cluster. This release updates the component to support the following internet protocol configurations in a cluster: IPv4 only, IPv6 only, and both IPv4 and IPv6 at the same time. This change resolves the issue, and the monitoring-plugin component now starts up if the cluster is configured to support only IPv6. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-21610[*OCPBUGS-21610*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the monitoring-plugin component did not start if IPv6 was disabled for a cluster. This release updates the component to support the following internet protocol configurations in a cluster: IPv4 only, IPv6 only, and both IPv4 and IPv6 simultaneously. This change resolves the issue, and the monitoring-plugin component now starts up if the cluster is configured to support only IPv6. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-21610[*OCPBUGS-21610*])
```
